Add `MultipartFile` and documentation for `Multipart` (#4262)
line/armeria: site/src/pages/docs/server-multipart.mdx

ContentDisposition nameDisposition = 
    ContentDisposition.of("form-data", "name");
// Create a BodyPart with 'Content-Disposition' header and its data.
BodyPart bodyPart1 = BodyPart.of(nameDisposition, "Meri Kim");

// Create a 'Content-Disposition' header for 'image' field.
ContentDisposition imageDisposition =
    ContentDisposition.of("form-data", "image", "profile.png");
Path image = Paths.get("/path/to/image");
// Create a BodyPart with 'Content-Disposition' header and its file.
BodyPart bodyPart2 = BodyPart.of(imageDisposition, StreamMessage.of(image));

// Create a new multipart with the two body parts.
Multipart multipart = Multipart.of(bodyPart1, bodyPart2);
```

If we encode and print the <type://Multipart> created above,
```java
for (HttpData httpData : multipart.toStreamMessage().collect().join()) {
  System.out.print(httpData.toStringUtf8());
}
```
we can see how the <type://Multipart> is encoded as shown below:
```
--ArmeriaBoundaryEsbNVr9Z66DAIYIN
content-disposition:form-data; name="name"
content-type:text/plain

Meri Kim
--ArmeriaBoundaryEsbNVr9Z66DAIYIN
content-disposition:form-data; name="image"; filename="profile.png"
content-type:application/octet-stream

> <binary-data>
> ```

Author: ```suggestion
<binary-data>
--ArmeriaBoundaryEsbNVr9Z66DAIYIN--
```
```

# Handling a multipart request

Armeria provides <type://Multipart> encoder and decoder built on top of 
[Reactive Streams](https://www.reactive-streams.org/).

## Building a multipart request

A <type://Multipart> consists of multiple <typeplural://BodyPart>.

> Each <type://BodyPart> is divided into a headers and a body. A <type://BodyPart> headers can be created simply 

Reviewer: since headers is plural

```suggestion
Each <type://BodyPart> is divided into headers and a body. A <type://BodyPart> headers can be created simply 
```

using <type://ContentDisposition>. 
`String`, <type://HttpData>, or <type://StreamMessage> can be set as the body of the <type://BodyPart>.

<Tip>

> You can also use <type://HttpHeaders> to set a complex headers into <type://BobyPart#headers()>.

Reviewer: since headers is plural, using "set" with "into" sounds unnatural

```suggestion
You can also use <type://HttpHeaders> to set complex headers for <type://BobyPart#headers()>.
```

</Tip>

```java
import java.nio.file.Path;
import com.linecorp.armeria.common.ContentDisposition;
import com.linecorp.armeria.common.multipart.BodyPart;

> // Create a 'Content-Disposition' header for 'name' field.

Reviewer: I'm unsure if parameter or directive is used more often, but I don't think I've seen the term "field" used.

```suggestion
// Create a 'Content-Disposition' header with the "name" parameter set to 'name'.
```

ContentDisposition nameDisposition = 
    ContentDisposition.of("form-data", "name");
// Create a BodyPart with 'Content-Disposition' header and its data.
BodyPart bodyPart1 = BodyPart.of(nameDisposition, "Meri Kim");

> // Create a 'Content-Disposition' header for 'image' field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create a 'Content-Disposition' header with the name parameter set to "image", and the field parameter set to "profile.png"
```

```

## Sending a multipart request

The <type://Multipart> created in this way can be converted to a <type://HttpRequest> through 
<type://MultiPart#toHttpRequest(String)> and transmitted to a server using a <type://WebClient>.

```java
WebClient client = WebClient.of("https://armeria.dev");
// Encode a `Multipart` into an `HttpRequest`
HttpRequest request = multipart.toHttpRequest("/upload");
client.execute(request).aggregate()...;
```

## Receiving a multipart request

On the server side, the multipart request sent from the client can be decoded into a <type://Multipart>
using <type://Multipart#from(HttpRequest)>.
```java
Server.builder()
      .service((ctx, req) -> {
        // Decode an `HttpRequest` into a `Multipart`
        Multipart multipart = Multipart.from(req);
        ...
      })
```
Since <type://Multipart> does not have the actual multipart data, you can use 
`Multipart.bodyParts().subscribe(...)` to read data little by little as needed.
If the size of the data is not large, the data can be read after being loaded into memory through 
<type://Multipart#aggregate()>.
```java
// Use a `Subscriber` to read the data with backpressure.

> multiPart.bodyParts().subsribe(new Subsriber() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiPart.bodyParts().subsribe(new Subscriber() {
```

   ...
});

// Read the data after aggregation.
Multipart.from(req).aggregate()
         .thenAccept(multipart -> {
             for (AggregatedBodyPart bodyPart : multipart.bodyParts()) {
                 String content = bodyPart.contentUtf8();
                 ...
             }
         });
```

## Using <type://@Param> annotation

In annotated services, a body part content of `multipart/form-data` can be directly mapped into a `String`, 

> `Path`, `File`, or <type://MultipartFile> using <type://@Param> annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Path`, `File`, or <type://MultipartFile> using the <type://@Param> annotation.
```

<Tip>

Note that a <type://BodyPart> can be converted into a `Path`, `File` or <type://MultipartFile> only when 

> a <type://BodyPart#filename()> is specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the <type://BodyPart#filename()> and <type://BodyPart#name()> is specified.
```

BodyPart bodyPart1 = BodyPart.of(nameDisposition, "Meri Kim");

// Create a 'Content-Disposition' header with the name parameter set to "image", 
// and the filename parameter set to "profile.png"
ContentDisposition imageDisposition =
    ContentDisposition.of("form-data", "image", "profile.png");
Path image = Paths.get("/path/to/image");
// Create a BodyPart with 'Content-Disposition' header and its file.
BodyPart bodyPart2 = BodyPart.of(imageDisposition, StreamMessage.of(image));

// Create a new multipart with the two body parts.
Multipart multipart = Multipart.of(bodyPart1, bodyPart2);
```

If we encode and print the <type://Multipart> created above,
```java
for (HttpData httpData : multipart.toStreamMessage().collect().join()) {
  System.out.print(httpData.toStringUtf8());
}
```
we can see how the <type://Multipart> is encoded as shown below:
```
--ArmeriaBoundaryEsbNVr9Z66DAIYIN
content-disposition:form-data; name="name"
content-type:text/plain

Meri Kim
--ArmeriaBoundaryEsbNVr9Z66DAIYIN
content-disposition:form-data; name="image"; filename="profile.png"
content-type:application/octet-stream

<binary-data>
--ArmeriaBoundaryEsbNVr9Z66DAIYIN--
```

> ## Sending a multipart request

Reviewer 2: This is actually a client-side doc. Maybe we should reconsider how we organize our documentation later.

Author: Good point. This is client-side documentation. It would be nice to add a category for common features such `HttpHeaders`, `HttpData`, `StreamMessage`, and so on.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we could probably keep the client-server category for the core features, but other features that require the core knowledge could be put somewhere else.

> The <type://Multipart> created in this way can be converted to a <type://HttpRequest> through 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The <type://Multipart> created in this way can be converted to an <type://HttpRequest> through 
```
